Add `osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Qualifiers Recap` news post (#12671)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-01-16-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-qualifiers-recap.md

<div class="news-chat-quote__text-container">

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/RandomeLoL.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-nat" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063">RandomeLoL</a></p>

What are the challenges that mappers face when pooling for tournaments? Are the restrictions imposed by the needs of the pool too big of a challenge to overcome? How do these issues impact your original vision of the maps?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7590894" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/ExNeko.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7590894">ExNeko</a></p>

> I think our biggest challenges are related to time. Communication with the team, meeting our deadlines, coordinating with playtesters, making adjustments to the maps, etc. All of these have to be done in a timely manner. The effectiveness of which is heavily dependent on the organizer's ability to manage the competition and the mapper's commitment to the task. I've been in tournaments that had found themselves with playtesters who were unable to provide feedback due to the mappers' tardiness with their deliveries, or that had to replace some of their mappers. Luckily, this hasn't been the case for us. Everyone's commitment to the project and thanks to the organizer's management we managed to complete most of the pool in record time, mapping a fully custom pool of maps!

Reviewer: longest paragraph atm

```suggestion
I think our biggest challenges are related to time. Communication with the team, meeting our deadlines, coordinating with playtesters, making adjustments to the maps, etc. All of these have to be done in a timely manner. The effectiveness of which is heavily dependent on the organizer's ability to manage the competition and the mapper's commitment to the task.

I've been in tournaments that had found themselves with playtesters who were unable to provide feedback due to the mappers' tardiness with their deliveries, or that had to replace some of their mappers. Luckily, this hasn't been the case for us. Everyone's commitment to the project and thanks to the organizer's management we managed to complete most of the pool in record time, mapping a fully custom pool of maps!
```

---
layout: post
title: "osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Qualifiers Recap" 
date: 2025-01-16 23:00:00 +0000
---

The stage is set, and our contestants are about to take on the challenge. Join us along and witness the birth of a 7K hero's journey!

![](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_7K/img/mwc7k2025-banner.jpg)

> The community's beloved keysmashing tournament is back for another year! With a record breaking number of 228 registrations and the very first time the bracket begins at Round of 32, the tournament's ambitions have grown ever so larger — the largest they've ever been!

Author: I did not want to use tournament for the third time in the same paragraph. Will keep it at "bracket" just to mix up words a little bit. Everything else stays as suggested.

```suggestion
The community's beloved key smashing tournament is back for another year! With a record-breaking number of 228 registrations and the bracket commencing at the Round of 32 stage for the very first time, the tournament's ambitions have grown ever so larger — the largest they've ever been!
```

> The community's beloved keysmashing tournament is back for another year! With a record breaking number of 228 registrations and the very first time the bracket begins at Round of 32, the tournament's ambitions have grown ever so larger — the largest they've ever been!

Author: Conflicting review with https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/12671/files#r1918851525 . Would check if 84's changes are necessary.

> The community's beloved keysmashing tournament is back for another year! With a record breaking number of 228 registrations and the very first time the bracket begins at Round of 32, the tournament's ambitions have grown ever so larger — the largest they've ever been!

Reviewer 2: thats ok

> The community's beloved keysmashing tournament is back for another year! With a record breaking number of 228 registrations and the very first time the bracket begins at Round of 32, the tournament's ambitions have grown ever so larger — the largest they've ever been!

Author: Solved in the linked comment above.

> This year, the mappooling team has opted to slightly modify the mappool format. With the introduction of a new long note category, and a new-found focus on testing players in a wide variety of skillsets, we have gotten but a small glimpse into the future of this year's pools to come.

Reviewer: it should technically be "skill sets" yeah

did you know "gotten" is apparently more common in north america?

> This year, the mappooling team has opted to slightly modify the mappool format. With the introduction of a new long note category, and a new-found focus on testing players in a wide variety of skillsets, we have gotten but a small glimpse into the future of this year's pools to come.

Author: In retrospective, best to use "got" which is what most people will go for.

> With the introduction out of the way, let us get into the nitty-gritty of this year's Qualifiers pool! Stay tuned, as later on we'll get to chat with several members from the mappooling team.

Reviewer: generally no plural for modifiers (similar cases exist elsewhere in the post)

```suggestion
With the introduction out of the way, let us get into the nitty-gritty of this year's Qualifier pool! Stay tuned, as later on we'll get to chat with several members from the mappooling team.
```

If you're new to the series, fret not! [SurfChu85](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4469895) and [yukina meng](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9919550) got you covered with the mappool's basics.

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ir8Qk92aaI0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Mappool recap

[**Download the pool here (32 MB)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/P270)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2345049575&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

![Qualifier mappool table](/wiki/shared/news/2025-01-16-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-qualifiers-recap/mappool.jpg)

> Players were given a warm welcome into the tournament with a fairly standard-sized 8 stage Qualifiers pool. But size isn't what matters for all intents and purposes. From changing the LN release picks to be LN coordination, to introducing one of the most intense hybrid maps to date in a Qualifiers pool. And while the core of the pool remains the same, those teams who were able to adapt to the changes were able to gain an edge over their peers!

Reviewer 2: best of both worlds?
```suggestion
Players were given a warm welcome into the tournament with a fairly standard-sized 8 stage Qualifiers pool. But size isn't what matters for all intents and purposes. There were various structural changes, from changing the LN release picks to be LN coordination, to introducing one of the most intense hybrid maps to date in a Qualifiers pool. And while the core of the pool remains the same, with teams who were able to adapt to the changes gaining an edge over their peers!
```

Speaking of highlights, let's talk about the star of the pool: [aran - Yoake Mae feat. shully](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2303945#mania/4924806) (LN1) by [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713) ::{ flag=MY }::. Whereas in previous years this would've been a long note pick with a focus on releases, this time around the poolers decided to test players' finger coordination as a whole. Other noteworthy maps include [Mono - skip&step](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2115949#mania/4443569) (RC3) by [Blocko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4075092) ::{ flag=US }::, a fun and varied rice experience meant to keep players on their toes — or shall we say, their fingers? Finally, we have [seatrus - Hekikuu no Yakusoku](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2303946#mania/4924807) (HB2) by [Critical_Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3793196) ::{ flag=MY }::. Players got a little of tiebreakers to come, as well as the intensity they should expect.

> But we've only just begun, and future mappools are yet to be revealed. Who knows what surprises have the poolers been preparing for us? To wrap things up, have a small fun fact! This mappool was *almost* fully comprised of licensed tracks, with seven of its eight maps using songs from the [featured artist listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists).

Reviewer: weird thing to advertise, especially when the ro32 mappool didn't use all fa songs. you either are or aren't using all licensed songs <.< 

```suggestion
But we've only just begun, and future mappools are yet to be revealed. Who knows what surprises have the poolers been preparing for us?
```

Author: It felt like a good detail to point up though. Regardless of the round, the fact stays that the pool is literally almost made of licensed tracks. It should not be a given considering this isn't really the norm for most tournaments.

Reviewer: featured artist should be capitalised at least

```suggestion
But we've only just begun, and future mappools are yet to be revealed. Who knows what surprises the poolers have been preparing for us? To wrap things up, here's a small fun fact: this mappool was *almost* fully comprised of licensed tracks, with seven of eight maps using songs from the [Featured Artist listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists).
```

## Qualifier highlights

> <div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
>     <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2351784653&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
> </div>
> 

Reviewer: duplicate

```suggestion
```

> Despite the increased number of rounds, Qualifiers has been a trove of surprises! With 39 registered countries and 32 slots to fill, competition has been nothing short of thrilling. This year hasn't been short on surprises either.

Reviewer: already mentioned surprises

```suggestion
Despite the increased number of rounds, the Qualifiers have been a trove of surprises! With 39 registered countries and 32 slots to fill, competition has been nothing short of thrilling.
```

> ![Qualifier results table](/wiki/shared/news/2025-01-16-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-qualifiers-recap/results.jpg)

Author: Currently this size to split between the teams which made the Top 32 cut Vs. those which didn't. It could be merged, but it wouldn't really achieve the same thing. Takes the idea from [the last recap](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-10-30-osu-world-cup-2024-qualifiers-recap), even though the teams list is less populated.

> ![Qualifier results table](/wiki/shared/news/2025-01-16-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-qualifiers-recap/results.jpg)

Reviewer 2: you could apply a gradient above the teams that didn't make it, or just straight out make them black & white? it just doesnt work when the list is this short

> ![Qualifier results table](/wiki/shared/news/2025-01-16-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-qualifiers-recap/results.jpg)

Reviewer: they're coloured differently, so you'll still be able to see which teams were eliminated

Starting things off with the top 3 seeds, it should come as no surprise that ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea has once again risen up to the top spot with their new members ::{ flag=KR }:: [Kalkai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10790649) and ::{ flag=KR }:: [Crusher](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7304158). Following up, we've got ::{ flag=CN }:: China and ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines on the #2 and #3 seeds respectively, another two fan-favourites whose performances have consistently been amongst the best. But who knows, maybe we'll find some upsets along the way!

> Other strong contenders like ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan, ::{ flag=ID }:: Indonesia, ::{ flag=US }:: United States, and ::{ flag=MY }:: Malaysia have also managed to stay on top of their game. But that can't be said the same for everyone. ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia, placing #7 last year, has fallen short from qualifying to top 32 by placing into the #33 seed. Several other past top performers like ::{ flag=TH }:: Thailand, ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada, and ::{ flag=PL }:: Poland have also dropped slightly even though they still qualified to play. The biggest surprise must've been ::{ flag=BR }:: Brazil, which opted to drop out from the tournament despite having been considered one of the stronger teams in the past. May we see them again in the future.

Reviewer: or

```suggestion
Other strong contenders like ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan, ::{ flag=ID }:: Indonesia, ::{ flag=US }:: United States, and ::{ flag=MY }:: Malaysia have also managed to stay on top of their game, but the same can't be said for everyone. ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia, placing #7 last year, has fallen short from qualifying to the top 32 by placing into the #33 seed. Several other past top performers like ::{ flag=TH }:: Thailand, ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada, and ::{ flag=PL }:: Poland have also dropped slightly even though they still qualified to play. The biggest surprise must've been ::{ flag=BR }:: Brazil, which opted to drop out from the tournament despite having been considered one of the stronger teams in the past. May we see them again in the future.
```

> That said, what caught us by surprise is the amount of new countries who didn't get to participate in previous years have gotten their chance this year! A round of applause for ::{ flag=HK }:: Hong Kong, ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru, ::{ flag=CL }:: Chile, and ::{ flag=VE }:: Venezuela for their impressive performances this year! We can't wait to see what their performances in the coming rounds.

Author: Applied, but leaving the last sentence by itself. Reads like a needless run-on sentence.

```suggestion
That said, what caught us by surprise is the amount of new countries who didn't get to participate in previous years have got their chance this year! A round of applause for ::{ flag=HK }:: Hong Kong, ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru, ::{ flag=CL }:: Chile, and ::{ flag=VE }:: Venezuela for their impressive performances. We can't wait to see how they perform in the coming rounds!
```

Other than that, we're very happy to see new countries like ::{ flag=PK }:: Pakistan, ::{ flag=UA }:: Ukraine, and ::{ flag=AT }:: Austria for the very first time. Despite not qualifying for this year, we believe this is an indicator of the ever-growing, world-wide interest in the osu!mania 7K World Cup. We can only hope for the competition to grow even more fiercely in the years to come!

> # Mappooling team interview - MWC 7K 2025

Reviewer: we usually write it like this

```suggestion
# Interviews
```

Author: Placeholder that didn't get placed its holder.

<style>
    .news-chat-quote__avatar {
        float: left;
        width: 40px;
        height: 40px;
        border-radius: 50%;
        margin-left: -50px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__text-container {
        margin-left: 50px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__username {
        font-weight: 600;
        margin-bottom: 2px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-lvd {
        color: #FFD1DC;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-gmt {
        color: #99EB47;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-nat {
        color: #fa3703;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-bn {
        color: #A347EB;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-no-group {
        color: #FFFFFF;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-fa {
        color: #00FFFF;
    }
</style>

> Players and spectators alike only get to experience the results of the mappooling team's hard work. But more often than not, they're unaware of the process nor of the challenges that come with it. Keeping up with players' expectations is no easy feat afterall. Therefore, we'd like to have a chat with three members of the pooling team. Each responsible of one piece of the puzzle. As such, let us introduce [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713), [ExNeko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7590894), and [cheewee10](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477497) to lecture us on the herculean task of pooling for MWC 7K!

Reviewer: "nor" should be "and"

> Players and spectators alike only get to experience the results of the mappooling team's hard work. But more often than not, they're unaware of the process nor of the challenges that come with it. Keeping up with players' expectations is no easy feat afterall. Therefore, we'd like to have a chat with three members of the pooling team. Each responsible of one piece of the puzzle. As such, let us introduce [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713), [ExNeko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7590894), and [cheewee10](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477497) to lecture us on the herculean task of pooling for MWC 7K!

Author: "Nor" is fine. The first part mentions They (players) are *not* aware of the process and *not* aware of the challenges either. Applied the rest.

> Players and spectators alike only get to experience the results of the mappooling team's hard work. But more often than not, they're unaware of the process nor of the challenges that come with it. Keeping up with players' expectations is no easy feat afterall. Therefore, we'd like to have a chat with three members of the pooling team. Each responsible of one piece of the puzzle. As such, let us introduce [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713), [ExNeko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7590894), and [cheewee10](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477497) to lecture us on the herculean task of pooling for MWC 7K!

Reviewer: @MChecaH yes, i assume the intention is not to say "they're either not aware of the process *or* not aware of the challenges", but that they're unaware of *both*, hence *and"

`But more often than not, they're unaware of the process and the challenges that come with it.`

"nor" is just wrong in this construction: you'd write `But more often than not, they're neither aware of the process nor of the challenges that come with it.` to be correct (but i'd prefer "and")

> Players and spectators alike only get to experience the results of the mappooling team's hard work. But more often than not, they're unaware of the process nor of the challenges that come with it. Keeping up with players' expectations is no easy feat afterall. Therefore, we'd like to have a chat with three members of the pooling team. Each responsible of one piece of the puzzle. As such, let us introduce [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713), [ExNeko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7590894), and [cheewee10](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477497) to lecture us on the herculean task of pooling for MWC 7K!

Author: Agree to disagree I guess, but not a hill I shall die on. I'll apply the suggested reword.

> Players and spectators alike only get to experience the results of the mappooling team's hard work. But more often than not, they're unaware of the process nor of the challenges that come with it. Keeping up with players' expectations is no easy feat afterall. Therefore, we'd like to have a chat with three members of the pooling team. Each responsible of one piece of the puzzle. As such, let us introduce [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713), [ExNeko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7590894), and [cheewee10](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477497) to lecture us on the herculean task of pooling for MWC 7K!

Reviewer: put another way, "nor" can only be used with two negative clauses. since "unaware" is not a negation, you'd have to write `But more often than not, they're not aware of the process nor of the challenges that come with it`

> ![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-01-16-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-qualifiers-recap/Kobii.png)

Reviewer: missing description

Author: Description is line 102, no?

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-nat" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063">RandomeLoL</a></p>

The weight of being the head pooler must be nothing short of burdensome. How does one manage to meet the community's expectations? What are the challenges that come with such an endeavour?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/_Kobii.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-gmt" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713">_Kobii</a></p>

While the workload is nothing to scoff at, it is an honor to be appointed as the head pooler for one of the osu! World Cup tournaments! Being a head pooler and an advisor comes with a lot of doubts and uncertainties, as well as expectations to withstand. Thankfully, after years of experience in mappooling I've managed to understand and address what needs to be improved, addressing past issues. And while not perfect, I couldn't be more satisfied with the result!

> Mappooling isn't as easy as some might think. It's not just a matter of selecting appropriate maps, but rather creating a custom pool to meet everyone's expectations. Preparation is key, and the mappooling team has been working non-stop from as early as June 2024 to ensure the quality of the pool is up to par for a tournament of this magnitude. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mappooling isn't as easy as some might think. It's not just a matter of selecting appropriate maps, but rather creating a custom pool to meet everyone's expectations. Preparation is key, and the mappooling team has been working non-stop from as early as June 2024 to ensure the quality of the pool is up to par for a tournament of this magnitude.
```

With a team as varied and talented as ours, there are bound to be conflicting opinions. Occasionally leading to lengthy discussions. Ultimately, a conclusion had to be reached by finding a compromise between the mappoolers and the mappers. Additionally, given the size of our pools we sometimes had to make do with insufficient feedback from playtesters. Suffice to say, pooling for a tournament of this size is a stressful task. And while it's my responsibility to adhere to the deadlines, we've learned that none of us want to work under a time crunch—period.

> 
> ![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-01-16-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-qualifiers-recap/ExNeko.png)
> 

Reviewer: missing description of exneko

example:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/397795c8-93ed-4d41-b4a9-23d0f2c83e35)

```suggestion

</div>

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-01-16-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-qualifiers-recap/ExNeko.png)

<div class="news-chat-quote__text-container">

```

Author: https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/12671/files#r1919047614

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/RandomeLoL.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-nat" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063">RandomeLoL</a></p>

What are the challenges that mappers face when pooling for tournaments? Are the restrictions imposed by the needs of the pool too big of a challenge to overcome? How do these issues impact your original vision of the maps?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7590894" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/ExNeko.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7590894">ExNeko</a></p>

> I think our biggest challenges are related to time. Communication with the team, meeting our deadlines, coordinating with playtesters, making adjustments to the maps, etc. All of these have to be done in a timely manner. The effectiveness of which is heavily dependent on the organizer's ability to manage the competition and the mapper's committment to the task. I've been in tournaments that had found themselves with playtesters who were unable to provide feedback due to the mappers' tardiness with their deliveries, or that had to replace some of their mappers. Luckily, this hasn't been the case for us. Everyone's committment to the project and thanks to the organizer's management we managed to complete most of the pool in record time, mapping a fully custom pool of maps!

Reviewer 2: i know we dont wanna mess with the way these responses are written but i think clearing misspellings is fine? @Walavouchey are you fine with this?
```suggestion
I think our biggest challenges are related to time. Communication with the team, meeting our deadlines, coordinating with playtesters, making adjustments to the maps, etc. All of these have to be done in a timely manner. The effectiveness of which is heavily dependent on the organizer's ability to manage the competition and the mapper's commitment to the task. I've been in tournaments that had found themselves with playtesters who were unable to provide feedback due to the mappers' tardiness with their deliveries, or that had to replace some of their mappers. Luckily, this hasn't been the case for us. Everyone's commitment to the project and thanks to the organizer's management we managed to complete most of the pool in record time, mapping a fully custom pool of maps!
```

Reviewer: yeah, we should fix misspellings at least

Author: This was on me.

As for the limitations, I don't particularly find them to be a challenge. When signing up for the task, you should already be expecting them. Maps created for tournaments have a very clear purpose: to test the skill of players under specific conditions. And while these conditions may not be found in ranked maps, these challenges haven't stopped many of the mappers I've worked with to create imaginative, creative, and unique maps without losing their personal style!

> Our opinions on certain patterns are bound to evolve over time. As the years pass, so do the different mapping trends and player preferences. Ever since I started working as a mapper, I've seen the evolution first hand. Throughout the years and thanks to all the feedback gathered, the focus of pools have become ever so clearer. As such, mappers were able to more easily introduce these adjustements into their maps as the goals became more concise. Therefore, I think the best approach is having the mappoolers dictate the structure of the pools, leaving the mappers to nurture  those ideas in their own style.

Reviewer 2: same as above
```suggestion
Our opinions on certain patterns are bound to evolve over time. As the years pass, so do the different mapping trends and player preferences. Ever since I started working as a mapper, I've seen the evolution first hand. Throughout the years and thanks to all the feedback gathered, the focus of pools have become ever so clearer. As such, mappers were able to more easily introduce these adjustments into their maps as the goals became more concise. Therefore, I think the best approach is having the mappoolers dictate the structure of the pools, leaving the mappers to nurture those ideas in their own style.
```

> 
> ![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-01-16-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-qualifiers-recap/cheewee10.png)
> 

Reviewer: also missing description

```suggestion
</div>

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-01-16-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-qualifiers-recap/cheewee10.png)

<div class="news-chat-quote__text-container">

```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477497" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/cheewee10.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477497">cheewee10</a></p>

Transitioning into the mappooling group after so many years as a player has been an interesting experience to say the least. While as a player my focus was always on performing my best in the pool, as a playtester I had to shift from thinking about my experience with the mappool alone to considering how the entire playerbase will perceive the mappool. The stakes are different on each role.

Initially, this shift wasn't easy for me. As a player, I've always been more "feeling-oriented", relying on how the map feels rather than analyzing its components to provide constructive feedback. However, stepping into this role, I learned the nuances of playtesting and the sheer effort that goes into the creation of these pools. I expect that players will find an increase in quality, balance, and replayability on this year's picks! The fact everything is 100% custom-made is nothing short of amazing.

> When it comes to balancing a pool, I think it's important to acknowledge that no mappool will be perfect. Every players has their preferences and opinions on any given map. Mapping is inherently subjective, and with so many competitors in the tournament, their opinions are bound to be very differnet. Even so, the mappoolers work tirelessly to tackle these challenges. By being open to criticism and adjusting the structure of the pools, these issues are mitigated. It is commendable how open to feedback the team has been!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When it comes to balancing a pool, I think it's important to acknowledge that no mappool will be perfect. Every player has their preferences and opinions on any given map. Mapping is inherently subjective, and with so many competitors in the tournament, their opinions are bound to be very different. Even so, the mappoolers work tirelessly to tackle these challenges. By being open to criticism and adjusting the structure of the pools, these issues are mitigated. It is commendable how open to feedback the team has been!
```

That said, while being a playtester has been a fascinating and rewarding experience, I still prefer being a player. Huge shout-outs to the mappooling team for the absurd amount of work they put in, and last but not least, best of luck to all the players in MWC! Have fun out there!

</div>

---

> Can't believe we've only just begun! Who knows what surprises awaits us in the coming weeks. So buckle up, and get ready for the show. And don't miss the upcoming Round of 32 on [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) or [osulive_2](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive_2)! We'll be eagerly waiting for your return next week.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Can't believe we've only just begun! Who knows what surprises awaits us in the coming weeks, so buckle up, and get ready for the show. Don't miss the upcoming Round of 32 on [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) or [osulive_2](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive_2)! We'll be eagerly waiting for your return next week.
```
